Essentially, I'd like to use this to reinforce Gamma's image as an all-powerful being with absolute domain over game code while also establishing everyone
as fully developed characters. 

Weapons will be themed around their traits and a few beta ideas and sketches like Pyxl's Solid Light Projection Gloves or Vidia's Servant of the Devil
(a play on Demiurge's aspect of the devil plus Mirajane's Takeover).

Characters to include are Pyxl, Vidia, Gamma, Dark, Marri, Master(hard maybe), Claire, Torch, Pyre, Kinder, Kawatta, Saam, a fox, and some guy named Nate.

It'd be neat to be able to inject Gamma into other mods like the Stellar Array.

Character traits -

Gamma is, in every conceivable way, unbeatable. Her powers enable her to modify the game she's inhabiting whenever she feels, as well as jump through time,
with the only restriction being that there cannot be two of herself in the time between when she chooses to enter a segment and when the same Gamma decides
to leave. Other instances of herself can only talk to the first, and view things from a ghost's point of view.

Dark's secondary personality was shifted over to Master, so Dark is now just pure brutality and the only equal to Gamma. Their relentlessness is beyond
comprehension, tearing through space, time, and even Gamma's Hard Reset.

Master is pure confidence with an emphasis on manipulation. Her strength is persuading and commanding others to dodge conflict. When overwhelmed or threatened,
she can command anyone to stop, which they are completely unable to disobey.

Claire's only purpose is to dismantle others' faith and belief in how the world works.

#Torch - Tends to be the one who would actually think about helping the others before his self. Likes helping others no matter how he is hurt.
Like critters, tends to play arround with them, however, he does like to mess with fire. Practically a Summoner class with a hint of Magic. Summoner/Magic.

#Pyre - Wants to punch the first person who would make him angry, and anyone who would dare mess with Torch.
Full on Brawn, but does have a high interest in Sniper Rifles for some reason. Melee/Ranged(Long Range specifically)

#Kawatta - Kinda like a gaurdian to Torch, wants to ensure that her "Family" is safe. Will do anything she can to protect the people she cares for.
Enjoys tinkering around with any technology she can find. Tends to accidentally make explosive robots, as well as high powered guns. Ranged/Summoner.

#Kinder - Tends to stay behind and collect information. Cares for everyone else just as much as he cares about himself, none.
Magic Based, but tends to stay far away from trouble, so will use any longer range weapons if necessary, including anything he can throw. Magic/Ranged/Throwing.

Torch Group Items:
{
	Torch:
	{
		
	}
	Pyre:
	{
		Sniper Rifle
	}
	Kawatta:
	{
		
	}
	Kinder:
	{
		
	}
}


#Pyxl - Uses references to other games and media, i.e Shantae's Transform, or Rimuru's Beelzebub. Hard to predict, but also makes her slow to choose
which one to use. Jack

#Vidia - Less attacks to optimize efficiency. She can summon a set of hell creatures, like demons, imps, and hellhounds to attack on her behalf.
She can also merge with one of them to inheirit their traits and combat styles. Dark actually attacks very similarly to hellhound. Jack

#Gamma - An absolute flurry of attacks themed around coding and cheats. Absolutely just playing along. Magic

#Dark - Imagine Duke Fishron, but a terrifying creature of darkness, faster, and hits harder than a Dungeon Guardian. Yikes. Melee

#Master - Because she's less serious than anyone else, it's less of a fight and more of a minigame. Jack

#Claire - They know something you don't. Void

#Marro/Marri - They don't fight :/

Merricide group items -

Pyxl's Solid Light Projection Gloves were a concept design for a hologram keyboard for music. After development, the keyboard's not her preferred instrument,
but the gloves are versatile enough to still be used.

Vidia's Bass is inspired by Marceline's but way more dark and anarchistic.

Rubiks Cube. Various kinds and powers. That's it. Patterns: Checkerboard, dots, scrambled, solved, superflip

Pet Roserade, I want
(Copyright can suck my god damn ass)

The Merricide group are a lot more combat oriented/more thought out with attacks, so Torch's group will be set up as NPCs in generated structures
in the sky, seas, and hell respectively. They'll initiate battles against the Merricide Negatives (Gamma, Dark, Master and Claire) or give items
geared towards their set as well as move along the story. Torch - Pyxl/Gamma, Pyre - Vidia/Dark, Kawatta - Marri/Master, Kinder - Marro/Claire