Pyxl and Vidia are both split personalities of Marro and Marri, with full awareness of what they are. They were initially content as "guiding hands" in the back of
their mind as they went throughout life. However, after an event that left Marro alone despite his fears of isolation, they had to take somewhat drastic measures
to prevent potential suicide.

Pyxl acts as the defacto positive force, primarily responsible for maintaining empathy and public interations. She's by far the fastest to find a response to a
situation, but rarely gives herself the time to ensure it's a smart response or close enough to convey the feeling she was going for. She tends to be very clumsy
and forgetful, but can play it off quickly. Her trauma is her past actions that caused severe embarassment.

Vidia uses intelligence and logic to get what she wants, and one of her favorite things to do is make others put themselves on the spot. While she has a strong sense
of justice and will yield quick to compassion, she has no hesitation for punishing someone who deserves it. She turns anger into a huge source of power, but can lose
herself in it and struggle to listen to the others trying to hold her back. Her trauma is the injustices caused when she didn't predict the actions of other people.

Marri and Marro are the same being, with Marro representing the past, and Marri representing the future. They manage the outward appearance and balance the influence
of Pyxl and Vidia. They're also in charge of managing morals and moral obligations. They both have a voice, they both don't talk often with Vidia and especially Pyxl
taking main stage, even then, Marri talks more than Marro and draws speech paterns from Pyxl and Vidia evenly. Their trauma lies in the burden they carry knowing the
truth behind how the world operates.

All four are constantly managing their traumas the best they can, but when one of them fails to keep them in check, they turn into Gamma, Dark, Master, and Claire
respectively. When this occurs, they more often than not overwhelm all the others and get locked into a recollection of the events that caused them.