Torch -
[
Spawn: Pre-hardmode, After killing King Slime and Eye of Cthulhu
(Easy bosses, mainly to get him early)

]

Pyre - 
[
Spawn: Pre-hardmode, After Torch arrives, and Eater of Worlds/Brain of Cthulhu is killed
(Doesn't require Torch to be alive at the time (Which I know is kinda grusome, he just needs him to have spawned, and he needs the World's evil boss killed.)

]

Kawatta - 
[
Spawn: Hardmode, Only while Torch is alive, and after Wall of Flesh and Queen Bee are killed. 
(I know this sounds like weird conditions, but this ensures that they have to keep another NPC alive and have two bosses killed, and yes, 
I am aware that Wall of Flesh puts the world into hardmode, but I am still making it a condition, as a just in case if someone makes a mod that skips the killing process)

]

Kinder -
[
Spawn: Hardmode, after Duke Fishron is killed, Kawatta and Pyre are alive, and there is a house near the Ocean.
(I want to see if I can make it conditional for a house near the sea. Probably not, but it'd be nice.)

]

I had the idea for my positives and negatives to be npcs as well, with fights being voluntarily triggered (cause theyre NOT gonna be fair) and the negatives
strait up replacing the positives during hardmode until "beaten". Proper houses as procedure generated locations can be circumvented by subtracting valid
walls, so we can use them as location spawns, and pairing up roommates could be fun. My only concern is stealing spotlight, since I know my characters'
strengths as villains, but I don't know how to handle and integrate yours. I NEED LORE DAMMIT

Well then, I guess I should take like a 2 day break from coding. I think I need it anyway, parents kinda making me depressed once again. I'll get to work on the 
lore. - Torch

Also, I have never really thought about full on lore, only a few things related to a few character, like how Torch was abandoned at birth, Pyre is technically a 
shapeshifter, Kawatta should've been dead, and that Kinder is a genetic mistake (Hybrid between Merfolk and Draconic). But, I am going to try to at least give a little
bit of an origin for my characters and an origin of how they met. Also, one key thing I want to say. Kinder, although a sea-dragon, can actually walk on land. He isn't a 
pure sea-dragon due to the Merfolk genes inside him. So, he can swap out his tail for legs. A perk of being a Merfolk hybrid is that he can't drown and (based on my
headcannon) also has the power to enchant objects. I'm not saying this to add like a minecraft enchant thing or as a reforge replacement, just saying that he could deal
with some accessories in his shop or whatever.