Firstly, the origin of Pyre is completely unknown as he appears to be the last one of his kind. He is a sort of shapeshifter if you will, however he is a special case.
The special case being that the first thing he transforms into will be his main form. For a while, Pyre had been on his own, kind of due to the fact he had gotten exiled due to not choosing a form withing the first 22 
years of his life. He simply couldn’t decide on anything. However, he was lucky that he had been exiled as sometime the following week, a few neighboring species had wiped out his home. As Pyre was leaving, he had found what 
appeared to be the remains of a city that are being set ablaze, he decided to go towards it.

Torch was abandoned shortly after birth in a place of destruction, though there isn’t really a reason as to why he was abandoned nor why this place was chosen. Later, he had guessed it was just because of resource issues, 
however Pyre thought otherwise. Anyways, back to his origin. Torch was alone for about a week until Pyre had spotted him. During this time, Pyre didn’t have a name due to no form chosen yet, but when he saw Torch alone and 
hopeless, he decided on one. So, looking around for clues onto what he should name himself, we saw a burning corpse pile. And then he put two and two together, Draconic form and Fire, so he used that name, Pyre, as his own. 
Pyre quickly tried to grab some clothes that had yet to be burned. As he was doing this though, he had a thought. Why did this place feel off, and why is there a burning pile of bodies? Either way he went to save Torch from 
this hell hole.

A few years go by, they end up living off the land here in this destroyed landscape. Over the years, Pyre had begun to find more clothes, and since Torch was the only true person he has talked to, he didn’t really know how to 
talk to others nicely. He wanted to defend Torch with his life, almost like a father I suppose. Torch on the other hand had found a weird assortment of attire, jeans that had been cut into shorts, a short-sleeve hoodie, and an 
ash scented scarf. For some reason, he held onto those items, insisting those had something to do with his parents. Nothing much else really happens for a while, Torch grows up, they don’t meet anyone for a while because Pyre 
doesn’t want to leave, although that is just primarily to keep Torch safe.

After Torch is around 18, someone else arrives in this rubble they call home. They appear to be both robotic and fluffy. Due to both of their curiosities, Pyre cautions Torch to stay put before he goes to investigate. Having 
not really talked to someone else, and kind of wanting them to leave him and Torch alone, he kind of had an angry temperament about him. As he begun to walk up to the new creature, she had actually surprised him by introducing 
herself. She told him what she was and her name, she was a Protogen by the name of Kawatta. The lab she had been created in was abandoned, and so she didn’t really have anywhere else to go.

Kawatta woke up in a laboratory underneath the hellscape that Torch and Pyre had been living in. It appears that she had been left there before this city had been destroyed due to her being a defect. She learned this knowledge 
from some data drives nearby. It had also appeared that the place had only lost power recently, hence the reason she was awoken from her slumber. Some of the intel that she managed to gather about herself is that her body was 
designed to actually be a male, however the body created wouldn’t accept a male Protogen AI, it didn’t actually even want to accept any AI, as it had somehow managed to create its own. This AI seemed kind and cheery, way 
different than what her engineers had planned on, so her creators had to disable her for the time being. There are some residual files in her database that dictate she was also designed to be a sort of weapon, but she isn’t 
able to access those functions due to her no longer having the correct items to use that code on. Due to these residual files, her program is a little corrupted as she keeps trying to make her own weapons that could work with 
the residual code, but she doesn’t even want to use those weapons. She just wants to create the weapons so that her code will stop stating that she is corrupted. While in the lab, she was actually trying to leave as well as 
discover some of the intel discovered. Thankfully, she was able to find a generator and find some computers that were hooked up to some cameras around the city. It was on those screens that she discovered that the city had been 
destroyed, and also where she had seen two beings still living here. So, after she got done snooping around the lab, she finally found an exit and was determined to find those two.

And that is pretty much the story that she told Pyre. Pyre then begins to loosen up a little and says that he is sorry for trying to get her to leave. Torch walks up and greets Kawatta. However, something happens withing 
Kawatta’s mainframe, nothing bad really, however it appears that her self-developed AI just created an objective for itself. Doing this had caused it to create an objective with a higher priority level than creating the 
weapons. The new objective was to protect her “family,” at least, that is how the AI created the objective. As long as she was doing her job of protecting, she can now freely decide whether or not she actually wants to work
on the weapons, which now she has chosen to do as a hobby. There was one thing to note however, when Kawatta would look at them to analyze them, she could quickly analyze Pyre, but Torch was a different story, there was 
something about him that would appear to corrupt her sensors. Something seemed a little weird about him.

For a while it was just these three, with some passerby’s every now and then. From what the group heard from them, it appears the world itself is distraught, essentially it seems that everyone is living on their own, or in 
groups. But it’s not like an apocalypse, more of a governmental shutdown I suppose. A lot of people just started to ignore their governments orders and went around doing there own thing. 

After hearing a lot of these stories that were being told, Torch wanted to go and explore the landscape. Pyre didn’t want to leave, nor did Kawatta, both for the same reason, they had no idea what anyone else would do to 
them if they found anyone. They were more scared for Torch rather than themselves, but they also didn’t want to find/fight anyone that would be stronger than them. Eventually though, they would have to leave as the rubble 
around them would finally start crumbling down. They wouldn’t be able to live in this ruined city anymore. So, the “family” started to gather their belongings and began to leave the city.

They travelled several days, but it didn’t really feel like a lot to them. They eventually managed to find an abandoned house next to a lake, so, they decide this could be a good place to camp out for a few days. For food, 
they had the fish in the lake and obviously the house would be their shelter. However, the few days plan lasted longer than that because of an encounter they had on the 2nd day there. This is where the group met Kinder, who 
typically wouldn’t have come out of hiding, but when they noticed Torch, they felt like he had met him before.

Kinder, hiding away in the lake, noticed the people coming and thought it was best for them to hide, that was until he sensed a familiar presence. They gazed upon Torch and felt that something was off about him, not necessarily 
negative, but needs someone to watch over him. So, on the 2nd day of the group staying in that house, Kinder decides to show themself, which they hardly do, and ask if they would be allowed to follow along. Kawatta and Pyre have 
a talk about whether they should follow along or leave them behind. Kawatta analysis of them doesn’t show any signs of hostility or threat towards this group but does show that Kinder can be dangerous. Pyre feels as though 
something is very off-putting about Kinder, but at the same time has a sense that Kinder is somehow related to Torch’s past. (Weirdly strange gut feeling, but hey, I’m not the best at writing out lore.) Reluctantly, Pyre agrees 
to let them stay, Kawatta also, not-so-reluctantly, agrees. So, now there is a fourth member. Torch is fine with this.

They end up travelling together, leaving the house after a few days later than anticipated due to a new member joining them, just living off what they can, no real objective in sight. Well, Pyre has his own objective, to find 
Torch’s parents and heavily question them about why they abandoned their own son. Kawatta wants to just fix her hardware. Kinder only wants to see Torch’s potential. Torch, well, he just wants to vibe and talk to people, do new 
things, explore places. Overall, he doesn’t really care what is happening as long as he is doing it with the group. 



The Group
Torch - Place-Of-Birth: Unknown, Gender: Male
The child of the group, essentially the adopted son. Has a sort of dark side, at least from what Kawatta can put together. 
Pyre - Place-Of-Birth: Destroyed, Gender: Male
The Father figure and Best Friend. Extreme Guardian, will kill anything that harms Torch. Close Combat, but also uses Long Range weapons. Avoids mid-range for some reason.
Kawatta - Place-Of-Birth: [CLASSIFIED], Gender: Female
The Mother figure, but more like a guardian, Weapon Expert due to circumstances. An Analyst. Enjoys tinkering and taking things apart.
Kinder - Place-Of-Birth: Unknown, Gender: Non-Binary
Magically Enhanced “Older Brother” Figure. Seems to know a lot about what Torch may be, but keeps it hidden. Likes to use Ranged weapons to avoid contact with people. Another Analyst.